commit b4d7ec75663e5b5293c11880127fe5a7b917f604
Author: Aneal Sharma <anealsharma@hotmail.com>
Date:   Tue Feb 26 02:55:11 2019 -0800

    Update README.md (#619)
    
    -fixed some grammatical errors
    -improved word choice

diff --git a/README.md b/README.md
index 365059e..3821407 100755
--- a/README.md
+++ b/README.md
@@ -45,11 +45,11 @@ Make sure you check out [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md) before getting started.
 
 ### Faceswap is not porn.
 
-When faceswaping using an AI was first developed and became published, the technology was groundbreaking, it was a huge step in AI development. It was also completely ignored outside of academia. The code was confusing and fragmentary, it required a thorough understanding of state of the art AI techniques and a lot of effort to get anything out of it. One individual brought it together into one cohesive collection. It ran, it worked, and as is so often the way with new technology emerging on the internet, it was immediately used to create porn. The problem was that this was the first AI code that anyone could download, run and learn by experimentation without becoming a PHD candidate in math, computer theory, psychology, and more. Before "deepfakes" these techniques were like black magic, only practiced by those who could understand all of the inner workings as described in esoteric and endlessly complicated books and papers.
+When faceswapping was first developed and published, the technology was groundbreaking, it was a huge step in AI development. It was also completely ignored outside of academia because the code was confusing and fragmentary. It required a thorough understanding of complicated AI techniques and took a lot of effort to figure it out. Until one individual brought it together into a single, cohesive collection. It ran, it worked, and as is so often the way with new technology emerging on the internet, it was immediately used to create porn. The problem was that this was the first AI code that anyone could download, run and learn by experimentation without having a PhD in math, computer theory, psychology, and more. Before "deepfakes" these techniques were like black magic, only practiced by those who could understand all of the inner workings as described in esoteric and endlessly complicated books and papers.
 
-"Deepfakes" changed all that and anyone could participate in AI development. To us developers, the release of this code has opened up a fantastic learning opportunity. To build on ideas developed by others, to collaborate with coders with a huge variety of skills, to experiment with AI whilst learning new skills and ultimately contribute towards an emerging technology which will only see more mainstream use as it progresses.
+"Deepfakes" changed all that and anyone could participate in AI development. To us, developers, the release of this code opened up a fantastic learning opportunity. It allowed us to build on ideas developed by others, collaborate with a variety of skilled coders, experiment with AI whilst learning new skills and ultimately contribute towards an emerging technology which will only see more mainstream use as it progresses.
 
-Are there some out there doing horrible things with similar software? Yes. And because of this, the developers have been following strict ethical standards. Many of us don't even use it to create videos at all, we just tinker with the code to see what it all does. Sadly, the media concentrates only on the unethical uses of this software. That is unfortunately a nature of how it was first exposed to the public, but it is not representative of why it was created, how we use it now, or what we see in its future. Like any technology, it can be used for good or it can be abused. It is our intention to develop faceswap in a way that its potential for abuse is minimized whilst maximizing its potential as a tool for learning, experimenting and, yes, for legitimate faceswaping.
+Are there some out there doing horrible things with similar software? Yes. And because of this, the developers have been following strict ethical standards. Many of us don't even use it to create videos, we just tinker with the code to see what it does. Sadly, the media concentrates only on the unethical uses of this software. That is, unfortunately the nature of how it was first exposed to the public, but it is not representative of why it was created, how we use it now, or what we see in its future. Like any technology, it can be used for good or it can be abused. It is our intention to develop faceswap in a way that its potential for abuse is minimized whilst maximizing its potential as a tool for learning, experimenting and, yes, for legitimate faceswapping.
 
 We are not trying to denigrate celebrities or to demean anyone. We are programmers, we are engineers, we are Hollywood VFX artists, we are activists, we are hobbyists, we are human beings. To this end, we feel that it's time to come out with a standard statement of what this software is and isn't as far as us developers are concerned.
 
@@ -105,7 +105,7 @@ Your best bet is to join the [Faceswap Discord server](https://discord.gg/FdEwxX
 Alternatively you can post questions in the [Faceswap Playground](https://github.com/deepfakes/faceswap-playground). Please do not post general support questions in this repo.
 
 ## Donate
-The developers work tirelessly to improve and develop faceswap. Many hours have been put in to provide the software as it is today, but this is an extremely time consuming process with no financial reward. If you enjoy using the software, please consider donating to the devs, so that they can spend more time implementing improvements.
+The developers work tirelessly to improve and develop faceswap. Many hours have been put in to provide the software as it is today, but this is an extremely time consuming process with no financial reward. If you enjoy using the software, please consider donating to the devs, so they can spend more time implementing improvements.
 
 ### @torzdf ###
  There is very little faceswap code that hasn't been touched by torzdf. He is responsible for implementing the GUI, FAN aligner, MTCNN detector and porting the Villain, DFL-H128 and DFaker models to faceswap, as well as significantly improving many areas of the code.
